---
title: CV
date: 2020-10-13 23:00:00 -0400
classes : wide
layout: single
---

# EDUCATION
* * *
Master of Engineering, Major in Social network Science  
Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea (Aug 2018 - Aug 2020)  
Dissertation Thesis: ‘Predicting pedestrian behavior patterns using user generated contents : Deep reinforcement learning approach (Advisor: Prof. Jin-mu Choi)  

Bachelor of Sociology, Major in Sociology(Mar 2012 - Aug 2018)  
Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea  


# RESEARCH INTEREST
* * *
GeoAI, Deep learning, Reinforcement learning, spatiotemporal data analysis, human behavior, social media   

# PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
* * *
RESEARCH ASSISTANT,  Spatial Analysis Lab, Kyung Hee University                                                                                                          
The Integration and Operation System of Disaster Information                                                 Apr. 2019 – Aug. 2020
National Disaster Management Research Institute, Republic of Korea.  

A Study on the Correlation between Urban Form and Fine Dust Distribution                            Jul. 2019 – Aug. 2020
National Research Foundation of Korea.  

A Study on the Countermeasure of International Standardization of Address                            May 2019 – Dec. 2019
Ministry of the Interior and Safety, Republic of Korea.  

RESEARCH ASSISTANT,  AI & BM Lab, Kyung Hee University
Verification of Data Business Model for Artificial Intelligence Home Appliances                        Oct. 2018 – Jul. 2019
LG Display Corporate, Republic of Korea.  

AI-based Youth Innovator Training Course                                                                                 Aug. 2018 – Feb. 2019
Institute of Information & Communications Technology Planning & Evaluation, Republic of Korea.  

TEACHING ASSISTANT 
Python Programming Course                                                                                                       Feb. 2020 – Feb. 2020
Student council of graduate schools, Graduate School of Kyung Hee University.  

Employment in Company
Hankook Research, Internship.                                                                                                        Jul. 2017 – Aug. 2017
